Update the README (#356)
meilisearch/milli: README.md

### Index your documents

It can index a massive amount of documents in not much time, I already achieved to index:
 - 115m songs (song and artist name) in \~48min and take 81GiB on disk.
 - 12m cities (name, timezone and country ID) in \~4min and take 6GiB on disk.

> All of that on a MacBook Pro with the M1 processor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These metrics are done on a MacBook Pro with the M1 processor.
```

You can feed the engine with your CSV (comma-seperated, yes) data like this:

```bash
printf "id,name,age\n1,hello,32\n2,kiki,24\n" | http POST 127.0.0.1:9700/documents content-type:text/csv
```

> Don't forget to specify the `id` of the documents. Also Note that it also support JSON and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to specify the `id` of the documents. Also, note that it also supports JSON and
```

> JSON streaming, you can send them to the engine by using the `content-type:application/json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON streaming: you can send them to the engine by using the `content-type:application/json`
```
